Hey, it's time for dinner. It's time for dinner.
Eat meat buns and noodles today
Slow down, don't be fooled
Have a noodle. Slow down
Noodles come
Noodles, come on
Brother, you have white noodles
Meat buns
The soldiers of the Grand Marshal's family don't dare to eat like this?
Hey, you don't know that, do you?
The head of the Tianbao family is now our teacher
Not much else.
Just more money and more food
Eating meat buns
I'm getting tired of eating
Damn it
I have to report to Zhang Shuai quickly.
This is the fucking consumption station
Others eat white rice and white noodles every day
I eat wowotou every day
Know how to fight
How to hit
Zhang Shuai
The other party has now even taken out the white rice and white noodles
There should really be no other food
Let's hold on
Victory is definitely ours
Yes, Zhang Shuai
I will wait for two more days.
Just him.
Just a little thinner
No one has to eat now
Let alone livestock
Liu Tao, wait a minute.
I let someone take it and kill it
Can't kill this is the only cow in the house
You can't kill me